GRIEVANCE MANAGEMENT
Individual Employee grievances and complaints which are primarily a
manifestation of their dissatisfaction on working conditions, managerial
decisions, if not promptly attended to may affect morale and productivity.
Hence, there is a formal on-line grievance process to address such matters.

Employees can follow the link:
http://gmrportal.gmrgroup.int/irj/portal > Grievance > Employment Grievance

for registering their grievance
• The aggrieved employee may raise the grievance to the Manager (LD &
above and PD & above), who must try to resolve the grievance within 5
working days.
• In case the employee is not satisfied with the redressal of the grievance
she/ he may submit the grievance to the Head of Department within 2
working days from the date of receipt of grievance response from the
manager
• The concerned HoD will record comments on the grievance form within
5 working days after making necessary enquiries and discuss with Business
HR.
• In case the employee is not satisfied with the decision communicated to
him/ her or if she/ he fails to receive the reply within the stipulated period,
she/ he may submit the grievance within a period of 2 working days from
the date of receipt of grievance response from the HOD to the CEO/ GCXO.

SEXUAL HARASSMENT

POLICY & PROCEDURE
• GMR Group recognizes that sexual harassment violates fundamental
rights of gender equality, right to life and liberty and right to work with
human dignity as guaranteed by the Constitution of India.
• Sexual Harassment is a criminal offence and punishable under relevant
laws of the Country.

• Policy on Sexual Harassment applies to men and women.

• The Committee against sexual harassment is represented by minimum
50% of members being women and the Committee Head is also a woman.

• Any person who wants to complain on sexual harassment is required
to promptly inform the Committee against sexual harassment of such
complaint, in writing which is duly signed & and same to be mailed at
gmr.icc@gmrgroup.in or by way of a written complaint addressed to
the Head of the Committee. The details of the committee members is
available on gNet - HR Policy Portal.

• In case the employee who has made the complaint feels that the
Committee against sexual harassment has not provided her/him due
justice, the complaint can be escalated to GCM.

GROOMING & DRESS CODE POLICY

Grooming & Dress Code guidelines articulated below have been developed in
order to foster a professional environment in GMR Group and to present an
image of the Group consistent with its values and culture.

ELIGIBILITY & APPLICABILITY:
• It shall be applicable to all regular employees and employees on contract.

PROCEDURE
• All employees shall practice good personal hygiene, select attire that is
clean and in good condition and must present a professional image at all
times.

• When in office, or in business engagements outside office, the following
attire is expected:

» Monday to Friday: Smart business casuals, except for formal
occasions or meetings where formal western attire is expected to be
worn. Formal meeting invitations shall include dress code guidance.

» Saturday & Friday preceding 2nd Saturday: In addition to above, one
can also choose to wear smart casuals with matching footwear and on
festive weekends, one can choose ethnic wear as well.

• When in office, or in business engagements outside office, the employees
are expected NOT to wear clothing with printed message, slogan, or
political message, picture or art depicting drugs, alcohol, smoking,
weapons, violence, or that is obscene or disrespectful or having sexual
connotations, tops & blouses that are sleeveless, backless, strapless, or
have spaghetti straps, sleeveless shirts & kurtas, excessive visible body
piercing or tattoos, short-skirts ending above the knees, shorts, Bermuda
pants, capris, flip-flops, round neck T-shirts, body hugging clothes,
neon coloured or faded or frayed clothes etc. or any other sartorial
inappropriateness as decided by the management.


• The time frame for investigating and closing the case is 3 months from the
time it is brought to the notice of the Committee.